Draft charter (#96)
abetterinternet/prio-documents: charter.md

There are many situations in which it is desirable to take
measurements of data which people consider sensitive. For instance,
one might want to measure the most common sites that people browse to
or exposure to some disease. In these cases, the entity taking the
measurement is not interested in people's individual responses but
rather in aggregated data (e.g., how many users visit URL X), but

> conventional methods require collecting individual response and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conventional methods require collecting individual responses and then
```

> aggregating it, thus representing a threat to user privacy and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aggregating them, thus representing a threat to user privacy and
```

rendering many such measurements difficult and impractical.

> New cryptographic techniques such as Prio and Heavy Hitters address

Reviewer 2: "Heavy Hitters" isn't the name of the protocol in ePrint 2021/017. "Prio" is the name of a protocol, but we don't implement it. (We actually implement ePrint 2019/088.) Rather than name the protocols, I suggest we just cite the papers.

Author: I think perhaps we just say "Prio". We're not saying we're going to standardize that, we're giving an example.

Author: Also, I'm trying to get HCG to just rename all this stuff Prio

this gap by splitting up measurements between multiple servers which
can jointly compute the aggregate value without either server learning
the value of individual responses. The Private Data Aggregation (PDA)
work will standardize a protocol for deployment of these techniques on
the Internet. This protocol will include mechanisms for:

> - Client submission of individual reports, including proofs of validity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client submission of individual reports, including proofs of validity, to a primary server.
```

Author: I actually don't think we should commit to this in the charter (even though I think it's a good idea).

> - Server verification of validity proofs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verification of validity proofs by two or more servers
```

Author: Maybe "by the servers" here and below.

> - Server computation of aggregate values and collection of results to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Computation of aggregate values by two or more servers
```

Author: Same here.

>   the entity taking the measurement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reporting of aggregate results to the entity taking the measurement
```

  
Configuration of clients and servers is out of scope for the working
group. It is assumed that this happens out of band as part of the
PDA service. 

> The WG will deliver a protocol which can accommodate multiple PDA

Reviewer 3: a protocol?  seems like something that a working group might decide, but HH and Prio are very different things functionally.  my take: make two, share as many design elements as possible

> The WG will deliver a protocol which can accommodate multiple PDA
> algorithms, with the initial deliverable supporting both simple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WG will deliver a protocol which can accommodate multiple PDA
tasks, with the initial deliverable supporting both simple
```
